#summary Links to useful external resources.

== External Projects ==

 * [https://www.drupal.org/project/v3dm v3dm]: 3D viewer for _Drupal_ framework, based on _JSC3D_.
 * [http://rubygems.org/gems/jsc3d-rails jsc3d-rail]: Ruby gem package providing access to _JSC3D_ in _Rail_.
 * [http://www.opencarto.com/modules/3d-object-viewer-opencart-1-5-4.html 3D Object Viewer Opencart]: Extension for _OpenCart_ E-Commerce framework that allows adding interactive display of goods to online store.


== Articles ==

 * [https://blogs.cul.columbia.edu/dcip/2012/11/20/jsc3d-what-we-are-using-to-show-3d-models/ JSC3D – What we are using to show 3D Models] _by Fanghua Li_.
 * [http://www.jpereira.net/apuntes-breves/publicacion-3d-via-web-con-jsc3d Publicación 3D via web con JSC3D] _by José Pereira_.

== Experiments ==

 * [http://www.johnbruin.net/index.php/2014/06/22/3d-me/ 3D Me]: A series of photos (90+) from different angles are taken and spliced to generate full body model of _John Bruin_. The model is then coverted to obj file and displayed with _JSC3D_. The outcome looks awesome.
 * [http://john.whitham.me.uk/jsc3d/ Virtual Wrist Watch]: A good-looking virtual watch that runs in sync with your system time. It uses a slightly customized version of _JSC3D_.
 * [http://sourceforge.net/projects/face3dchung/ face3D_chung]: A 3D avatar builder that takes a single photo and generates talking avatar head with TTS and lip-sync. It allows publishing speaking avatar to web pages that can be used to build chatbot like applications, powered by _JSC3D_.


== Useful Tools ==

 * [http://meshlab.sourceforge.net/ MeshLab]: A free and open source editor that can export 3D models as a variety of formats.
 * [http://openctm.sourceforge.net/ OpenCTM]: A geometry file format providing extremely high compression rate for 3D data, together with utility tools for generating such file, which is well-supported by _JSC3D_.